doc(doc/config.md) : Documentation for OSM ConfigMap (#1870)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/config.md

# OSM ConfigMap

> OSM deploys a configMap `osm-config` as a part of its control plane (in the same namespace as that of the osm-controller pod) which can be updated by the mesh owner/operator at any time. The purpose of this configMap is to provide the mesh owner/operator the ability to reconfigure/update some of the mesh configurations based on their needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSM deploys a configMap `osm-config` as a part of its control plane (in the same namespace as that of the osm-controller pod) which can be updated by the mesh owner/operator at any time. The purpose of this configMap is to provide the mesh owner/operator the ability to update some of the mesh configurations based on their needs. 
```

## ConfigMap Values

> | Key | Type | Possible Values | Default Value | Function |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key | Type | Allowed Values | Default Value | Function |
```

|-----|------|-----------------|---------------|----------|

> | permissive_traffic_policy_mode | bool | true, false | `"false"` | Setting to `true`, enables allow-all mode in the mesh i.e. no traffic policy enforcement in the mesh. If set to `false`, enables deny-all traffic policy in mesh i.e. an `SMI Traffic Target` is necessary for services to communicate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| permissive_traffic_policy_mode | bool | true, false | `"false"` | Setting to `true`, enables permissive mode, i.e. no traffic policy enforcement in the mesh. If set to `false`, enables deny-all traffic policy in mesh i.e. an `SMI Traffic Target` is necessary for services to communicate. |
```

> | permissive_traffic_policy_mode | bool | true, false | `"false"` | Setting to `true`, enables allow-all mode on the mesh i.e. all services in the mesh will be able to talk to one and other. If set to `false`, enables deny-all on mesh i.e. an `SMI Traffic Target` is necessary for a service in the mesh to talk to another service in the mesh. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| permissive_traffic_policy_mode | bool | true, false | `"false"` | Setting to `true`, enables permissive mode in the mesh i.e. no traffic policy enforcement in the mesh. If set to `false`, enables deny-all traffic policy in mesh i.e. an `SMI Traffic Target` is necessary for services to communicate. |
```

> | egress | bool | true, false| `"false"` | Enables egress on the mesh. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| egress | bool | true, false| `"false"` | Enables egress in the mesh. |
```

> | enable_debug_server | bool | true, false| `"true"` | Enables the debug endpoint on the osm-controller pod to inspect and list most of the common structures used by the control plane at runtime. |

Reviewer: What does `list most of the common structures` mean here?

Author: it refers to the structs/objects that OSM creates

Reviewer: I would change this to something users can comprehend: `Enables a debug endpoint on the osm-controller pod to list information regarding the mesh such as proxy connections, certificates, and SMI policies, .

> | envoy_log_level | string | trace, debug, info, warning, warn, error, critical, off | `"error"` | Sets the verbosity of the logging of Envoy's joining the OSM service mesh. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| envoy_log_level | string | trace, debug, info, warning, warn, error, critical, off | `"error"` | Sets the logging verbosity of Envoy proxy sidecar, only applicable to newly created pods joining the mesh. |
```

> | prometheus_scraping | bool | true, false | `"true"` | Enables a Prometheus listener on Envoy's which inturn enables Promethues metrics scraping in OSM. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| prometheus_scraping | bool | true, false | `"true"` | Enables Prometheus metrics scraping on sidecar proxies. |
```

> | service_cert_validity_duration | string | 24h, 1m, 30s (any time duration) | `"24h"` | Sets the validity duration of mesh service certificates. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| service_cert_validity_duration | string | 24h, 1h30m (any time duration) | `"24h"` | Sets the service certificatevalidity duration, represented as a sequence of decimal numbers each with optional fraction and a unit suffix. |
```
